     Meanwhile, young people gravitate to cities for jobs and the circle repeats. On top of this, Japan faces its own special situation: the country is a global leader in super-aging, with one in five citizens already a septuagenarian. That ratio is even more stark in rural areas. The solution, as Japan envisions it, is to combine the best of today's technology with a united social front.

     Disposable face masks are a normal aspect of life in Japan. They can be found on public transport like trains and buses and in communal spaces as offices and schools, and are worn by workers and patrons alike in shops and restaurants. Demand has rapidly grown over the last decade and the preventive items have come to be part of Japanese social etiquette. Although normally widely available, recently stores are struggling to keep masks in supply, as residents and tourists concerned over the ongoing coronavirus crises rush to stock up.

     Rejoice, nap lovers! A recent study found a daytime snooze once or twice a week could benefit your heart. In a study published Monday in the journal Heart, researchers from the University Hospital of Lausanne in Switzerland detailed the results from their study on the relationship between napping frequency/average nap time and the risk of fatal and nonfatal cardiovascular disease. While other studies have looked at the link between napping and heart health, the study is one of the few that considers napping frequency and duration, researchers claim.

     After speaking with over 2,000 people between the ages of 8 and 17, the Safer Internet Centre concluded that online life is a 'fundamental' part of a young person's existence in 2020. Almost half of young people aged 8-17 said that what they do and see online contributes to their identity, making up an essential part of who they are offline.

     She got her start while growing up in Queens in the 1980s, roaming New York City streets with a camera in hand. Her first artworks were photographs and collages; one of her earliest photo series captured a pro-choice march in Washington, D.C. After taking an intensive class at New York Studio School, she turned to painting.

     The source also said that two other skiers received minor injuries while two more were rescued from under the snow. Magistrates in Trento have opened an investigation and were headed to the accident scene on Sunday morning. They will survey the site and assess if appropriate security measures were in place on the ski slopes. Officials have not excluded the possibility the avalanche was caused by off-piste skiers.

     Each of the schools presented technology-driven solutions to issues facing their own communities. A High School in Iwate Prefecture was commended for building a system using interactive video games to keep their town's aging population active and healthy. Yuge Island in Ehime Prefecture is only accessible by ferry and also struggles with age demographics. The students of a High School won a prize for creating a YouTube series and using social media to market the island's potential as a great place for young people to live and work.
